Metazoa Static content E115 (#158)
EnsemblGenomes/ensembl-static: metazoa/species/Pomphorhynchus/pomphorhynchus_laevis_gca012934845v2gb_about.md

> **About *scientific_name***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**About *Pomphorhynchus laevis***
```

-------------------------
*Pomphorhynchus laevis* is an endo-parasitic acanthocephalan worm, with a complex life cycle, that can modify the behaviour of its intermediate host, the freshwater amphipod Gammarus pulex [1]. *P. laevis* does not contain a digestive tract and relies on the nutrients provided by its host species. In the fish host this can lead to the accumulation of lead in P. laevis by feeding on the bile of the host species

Picture credit: [public domain](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Main_Page) via Wikimedia Commons [(Image source)](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/42/C_wegeneri.JPG)

Taxonomy ID [141832](https://www.uniprot.org/taxonomy/141832)

(Text from [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/).)

**More information**

> General information about this species can be found in [Wikipedia](WIKI_URL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
General information about this species can be found in [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomphorhynchus_laevis)
```
